Hello, this is cat Ashura from Karen diversity, and also WCC industry champion for smart cities, and today I'd like to talk about data abundance for smart cities.
And yes so there's so many good points, and bad points about smart cities, and there is an article from Wikipedia as well. And that explained, several topics for different types of training methods and sensors to the boat, and so on.
And then there are so many other options already all over the world like Amsterdam Barcelona combos Copenhagen Dubai during London moderate Taipei, Singapore, and so on.
And then, yeah, Monday and and there's some criticism about smart stage technologies, in general, for exam through bias in certain interest, and also haphazard kind of impression for people, and also underestimation of the positive and negative effects,
and the impacts.
And then for the long term strategy, maybe. And also, yeah, this might be a biggest problem, but the high level of dictator correction and analytics. So, somebody maybe the government, or maybe the vendors or service providers may correct various data
from us, and we are not really sure what kind of policies. Yeah, to be used, and so on.
And then, yeah, it's also related to the various cultures and low income countries might not be able to start.
Smart Cities, and so on. And also, accessibility is very important to be a point for smart cities.
And here, so we needed to think about the data governance for the meaning, food, and what and when and how to manage and transfer the data, for example from me about the my ID or credentials, or some other Privacy Information to governments or committees,
or the other people or vendors service providers implemented. So, I'm not really sure what kind of information is sent from me to home, and so on. So, we really needed to cry phi.
What is very needed to be done. And so, what is ready.
Be quiet. And what should be done on the phone, and for that purpose we should think about the concrete use cases, and the use case scenarios.
And the so we need it need a dedicated discussion groups within diverse within and WCS niceties interest group.
Yeah. Thank you.